Staging environment adds (#5356)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/about-cloud-develop-defer.md

Author: At line 32/34 "To enable defer in the dbt Cloud IDE, toggle the **Defer to production** button on the command bar. Once enabled, dbt Cloud will:"

Does this workflow change? How is the behavior different when that toggle is selected if at all?

One key difference between using `--defer` in the dbt Cloud CLI and the dbt Cloud IDE is that `--defer` is *automatically* enabled in the dbt Cloud CLI for all invocations, compared with production artifacts. You can disable it with the `--no-defer` flag.

> The dbt Cloud CLI offers additional flexibility by letting you choose the source environment for deferral artifacts. You can set a `defer-env-id` key in either your `dbt_project.yml` or `dbt_cloud.yml` file. If you do not provide a `defer-env-id` setting, the dbt Cloud CLI will use artifacts from your dbt Cloud environment marked "Production" unless you have a [Staging evironment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#staging-environment) configured.  

Reviewer: Recommend inverting the order here:
```suggestion
The dbt Cloud CLI offers additional flexibility by letting you choose the source environment for deferral artifacts. You can manually set a `defer-env-id` key in either your `dbt_project.yml` or `dbt_cloud.yml` file. By default, the dbt Cloud CLI will prefer metadata from the project's "Staging" environment (if defined), otherwise "Production."
```
